CSE 370 - Group 10 - Team Contract 

Team Name: The GOAT Kids

Github Repo: https://github.com/CSE370HCI/goat/

Members:                            Github Usernames:
    Brigid Walker                       brigidwalker
    Helen Zhu                           helenzhu20
    Cameron Carlson                     cjc48
    Jack Mazzella                       jackmazz-ub
    Jillian Manjarrez Guerrero          i-am-jillian

Dispute Resolution Approach
    In case we cannot agree on our decision, we will use a 
    coin as a fast decision maker where the head of the coin 
    will be an option and the tail of the coin will be the other 
    option. We throw a coin and the side of the coin facing up 
    will be the final decision. We think this is a fast, silly 
    and simple idea for decision making.

Project Mission
    RateRoom's mission is to create a social media app where users can
    share their individual opinions on various topics. Users will use
    a rating system to express what they like/dislike the most. Then,
    users can discuss their ratings with others in a safe environment.

Project Vision
    Our project will be titled RateRoom. It will be a social media 
    site where users can share their opinions on various topics. 
    Specifically, users are prompted to rate a set of options to share 
    with others, in which commenters can agree or disagree with the 
    poster’s opinions via a like/dislike system, or the comment section. 
    Users will organize their opinions by rating each option 1-5 stars, 
    and supplying a caption which explains their decisions.

    We want to group users with similar interests using a room system, in 
    which the room creator will specify the topic and the options to be rated. 
    Each user will post their individual star ratings, and the average 
    ratings will be summarized at the top of the page.

    Here are some of the features needed to make this site successful:
        1) Account Registration & Login Page
        2) Profile Page to view & edit account information
        3) Friends Page to add or remove friends
        4) Page to create a room & specify the options
        5) Page to view a room’s average ranking, individual rankings & comments
        6) Page to create a ranking for a specific room
        7) Search feature to look for a certain room

A Typical User
    This app is designed for users who enjoy opinion-driven social interaction, 
    sharing opinions, humor and community acceptance through shared experiences 
    with interactive ratings. The demographics of a target user will be of a 
    16-30 y/o person, all genders, urban and suburban areas, primarily U.S with 
    global escalation. High school to college students, early-career professionals. 
    Users that have a daily usage of platforms like Instagram, TikTok, Reddit, 
    Twitter and Discord, since these users already vote in polls, like/comment posts, 
    share content and engage with memes and humor.

    Use Case User:
        1) High school/ college students:
            - Ages 16-24
            - Uses app late at night / downtime
            - Creates funny rooms
            - Rates based on personal experiences
            - Comments with exaggerated stories
            - Shares rooms or posts with friends
            
        2) Young professionals:
            - Ages 25-30
            - Uses app during breaks
            - Less posting, more voting
            - Engages with trending rooms
            - Enjoys of crowd consensus
        
        3) Content Driven User
            - Creates rooms consistently
            - Wants likes/comments
            - Want visibility and influence inside small communities

Similar Applications
    Similar applications include Letterboxd and Reddit. Letterboxd is a movie rating 
    app where you can log any movie and rate it out of 5 stars and provide your own 
    comment or analysis. I enjoy this application a lot actually, however it is only 
    contained to movies. We want to keep this feature of ratings and being able to see 
    other users' inputs. We will also change the typical format by having the original 
    creator of each “room” choose the items they and the other users will be rating. 
    For example, op creates a post about best late night snacks, using four examples 
    of their choice (ex. Goldfish, pickles) then posts. Other people can now join in 
    and also rate those items, each “room” will have the average of what everyone has 
    rated the options, which differs from Letterboxd. The star rating system is mainly 
    what we are modeling in some way. 

    However, Letterboxd’s mobile app’s UI leaves some to be desired. It is a bit hard to 
    navigate especially for early users because there seems to be multiple screens that 
    essentially show the same thing but in slightly different format. There are many features, 
    like seeing your own review history, popular movies, friends activities which are some 
    features we would also like to include but we hope to make the flow more concise and 
    consistent no matter where you are on the app. 

    Another similar application as mentioned before is Reddit. The main feature to compare 
    is the idea of having joinable communities with people with similar interests. Reddit 
    has sub-Reddits, which users can join and have discussions about that topic. Our groups 
    are going to be similar because the reason behind the groups is still to have communities, 
    but be different because the function behind the groups is more specific, it is to share 
    opinions through rankings rather than just general discussion. Someone will initially be 
    able to make the community with the items they want to rank and upload it, along with a 
    (short) description. Then people could essentially reply with a ranking of their own, and 
    comment on other people's rankings. 

    One thing about Reddit is that it can seem overwhelming, at least for early users, to 
    understand the flow of the app and to find the sub-reddits they want to join. We want to 
    make ours more accessible and also provide some beginner “rooms” users might want to join.
    When you join said community you will be able to choose what you want to rate. We also want 
    our users to be able to create the initial post, essentially making their own room.  

